================================================================================
BMW Motorrad presents the BMW Motorrad Clothing Collection 2026.
================================================================================

Date: 11.12.2025
Categories: Press Release, Rider Equipment, BMW Motorrad
URL: https://www.press.bmwgroup.com/global/article/detail/T0454296EN/bmw-motorrad-presents-the-bmw-motorrad-clothing-collection-2026

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rider’s Gear and Casual Wear for safe, comfortable, in style motorcycling at all times.

Full Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It is well known that there is no such thing
  as bad weather when riding a motorcycle, only unsuitable clothing. BMW
  Motorrad took this into account more than four decades ago and was the
  first motorcycle manufacturer in the world to present its first
  in-house rider equipment in 1978, in addition to the BMW Motorrad
  flip-up helmet introduced in 1976.

In the decades that followed, BMW Motorrad
  consistently implemented the maxim of making motorcycling as safe and
  comfortable as possible and at the same time fashionably attractive
  and stylish.

For the coming season, BMW Motorrad is once again
  offering numerous innovations and innovative solutions with the 2026
  Clothing Collection.

The eighth-generation

flip-up helmet, homologated in accordance with ECE
  22.06, offers optimum safety with minimum weight thanks to its helmet
  shell made of a carbon-aramide-fiberglass mix. The innovative MIPS
  Integra TX® (Multi-directional Impact Protection System) reduces the
  rotational movement of the head in the event of an impact and reduces
  the risk of injury.

helmet variant is also
  homologated in accordance with ECE 22.06 and made from a glass
  fiber/aramid mix.

Both helmets offer best impact absorption values and
  an optimum safety performance. Thanks to two helmet shell sizes, they
  are also only as big as they actually need to be. The polystyrene
  inner construction with different densities ensures maximum safety and
  comfort, while integrated neck straps ensure a secure fit. The inner
  padding, certified to OEKO-TEX 100, and the efficient ventilation
  system for the head and visor offer best functionality and optimum
    comfort.

Thanks to the multi-joint mechanism of the chin
  section, the new

BMW Motorrad System 8 Carbon and
  System 8 helmets are very compact even when open and can be ridden in
  that position thanks to the integrated chin section latch. When riding
  with the helmet closed, the extremely effective spoiler supports
  wearing comfort. The aerodynamics and aeroacoustics have also been
  noticeably optimized for this purpose. Thanks to Pinlock 120 XLT Max
  View®, the visor offers the best possible anti-fog protection in all
  weather conditions. Other practical features include the central
  button for opening the chin section and the chin strap with snap-in
  buckle. The infinitely adjustable sun visor and the specially
  developed visor mechanism with quick release offer the greatest
  possible ease of use.

For an even more intensive motorcycling experience,
  the new

BMW Motorrad System 8 Carbon and System 8
  helmets can be upgraded with the innovative BMW ConnectedRide
  communication system; the corresponding antennas and devices are
  integrated ex works in all System 8 helmets. Optional visor kits are
  also available (orange, clear, tinted, blue mirrored, silver
  mirrored). Cheek pads in different thicknesses are available to enable
  an even more individual fit. The System 8 helmet is available in five
  colors, while the System 8 Carbon helmet is also available in five
  decor variants.

in a sporty
  blouson cut is the perfect companion for summer rides. The focus here
  lies on the use of recycled materials or materials that can be
  returned to the cycle. The BMW logo and the BMW Motorrad emblem have
  therefore been embossed and are visual highlights. The combination of
  abrasion-resistant and air-permeable mesh fabric ensures safety and
  optimum ventilation at all times. The jacket is therefore an ideal
  companion, especially in very warm temperatures. The jacket with
  protection class AA has protectors on the elbows and shoulders as well
  as a back protector. Reflective prints on the sleeves provide extra
  safety at night. Elastic ribbed cuffs and hem ensure a high level of
  comfort while three outer pockets with zippers and two inner pockets
  (one of which is waterproof) provide space for utensils.

The waterproof, modern

offers protection and an innovative ventilation system
  for optimum comfort on long rides. The effective GORE-TEX FLOW
  SURROUND technology ensures a pleasant climate balance with
  ventilation channels in the sole. Thanks to the waterproof and
  breathable GORE-TEX membrane, the boot is ideal for all weather
  conditions. The non-slip, shock-absorbing and oil and fuel-resistant
  VIBRAM® sole with reinforced protection zones provides additional
  safety. The upper shoe is made from a sturdy 3D knitted fabric. The
  inside zipper makes it easy to put on and take off while the FREELOCK
  quick-release system enables an optimum fit. Ankle and shin protection
  as well as integrated reinforcements in the toe and gearshift area
  ensure safety and comfort.

The Allrounder

is a waterproof and breathable touring boot that offers a high level
  of comfort and reliable protection on motorcycle tours. Made from
  hard-wearing leather and equipped with a waterproof and breathable
  PTFE-free GORE-TEX membrane, it is ideal for all weather conditions.
  The OrthoLite insole ensures a high comfort level. The boot has ankle,
  shin and shift lever protection as well as a non-slip and
  oil-repellent rubber sole. The covered zipper and an additional Velcro
  fastener make them easy to put on and take off. The

version of the boot offers a 6 cm higher
  standing height.

Adventure seekers will get their money's worth with
  the Adventure collection. For the coming motorcycle season, it once
  again offers valuable additions in the area of functional clothing.
  For example, the

jacket (protection
  class AA), which impresses with its comfortable fit and excellent
  freedom of movement. Thanks to the GORE-TEX Z-Liner construction with
  GORE-TEX ePE membrane, it is waterproof, breathable and windproof
  (water column 28,000 mm). Removable protectors on the elbows and
  shoulders and a long back protector offer protection, while stretch
  inserts on the inside of the arms increase freedom of movement and
  comfort. Fall-prone areas on the elbows are reinforced with a gridded
  acrylic coating. In addition to the "2way Climate System",
  effective air inlets ensure optimum ventilation. The interior is
  equipped with a 3D spacer fabric to ventilate the back protector area.
  A specially tailored women's cut with infinitely variable waist
  adjuster ensures the perfect silhouette, while press studs and Velcro
  fasteners at the cuffs allow the width of the sleeves to be adjusted.
  The width of the collar and jacket hem can be adjusted using press
  studs or an elasticated band. A short zipper and an all-round zipper
  allow the jacket, which is available in black and olive for men and
  women, to be worn with matching trousers.

The matching

, also available for men and women in black and
  olive, offer a comfortable fit and excellent freedom of movement. They
  are also waterproof, breathable and windproof. Removable protectors on
  the hips and knees offer additional protection and stretch inserts
  increase comfort.

made
  from a leather/textile mix are the perfect match for this suit and are
  an indispensable companion for extended rides: the touring gloves
  provide superior protection against wind and weather and the
  breathable GORE-TEX X-TRAFIT membrane reliably keeps out water and
  cold. Leather reinforcements, highly abrasion-resistant SuperFabric®
  and a soft knuckle protector round off the robust overall package,
  while the goatskin leather palm, thumbs and index fingers with tactile
  leather for smartphone operation ensure a high level of comfort and
  ease of use. They are already available in the color anthracite and
  will be available in the new color olive in 2026.

in
  black and olive was specially developed for off-road and on-road use.
  A modern enduro boot made of leather with plastic elements that offers
  a perfect balance of high comfort and optimum protection. Thanks to
  the PTFE-free GORE-TEX membrane, the boot is breathable and
  waterproof. The internal lacing system and two external buckles ensure
  stability and mobility. An oil and fuel-resistant VIBRAM® tread sole
  ensures optimum grip even on loose surfaces. Shin protection and shift
  lever protection ensure safety and comfort. The OrthoLite insole
  offers a high level of comfort and temperature-regulating properties.
  The iconic light design of the BMW R 1300 GS is taken up as a graphic
  in the shin guard and heel cap.

The waterproof

made from a 3D knitted fabric in black and blue
  combines functionality and comfort and is perfect for the road and
  outdoor activities. The breathable and waterproof PTFE-free GORE-TEX
  membrane defies all weathers. The stable, oil and fuel-resistant
  VIBRAM® Traction Lug sole offers lateral stability and optimum grip,
  even on loose ground. Thanks to the high-quality materials, the shoe
  not only offers protection from wind and weather, but also excellent
  cushioning and durability. The FREELOCK quick-release system ensures
  an optimum fit. The side zipper on the inside allows easy entry. A
  large TPU gearshift, toe and side protection offer comprehensive
  safety and comfort. The OrthoLite insole offers temperature-regulating
    properties.

(ECE
  22.06 homologated) offers state-of-the-art safety technology and is
  based on the design of the GS models. The innovative MIPS Integra TX®
  (Multi-directional Impact Protection System) reduces the rotational
  movement of the head in the event of an impact and reduces the risk of
  injury. Thanks to two helmet shell sizes, the M-Forge®
  carbon/aramid-fibre mix helmet shell is only as large as is actually
  necessary. The helmet is available in black and in the Tramontana,
  Trophy, Calama, Lima and Nasca designs.

(ECE 22.06
  homologated) is another ideal companion for on- and off-road
  adventures. An efficient ventilation system ensures optimum climate
  comfort. Here too, the helmet shell made of glass fiber-reinforced
  M-Forge® is available in two sizes and is therefore only as large as
  necessary. It is available in white, matt gray, black and neon
    yellow.

Both helmet variants offer impact absorption values
  and a safety performance at the highest level and very balanced
  aerodynamics on and off-road as well as a Pull Rescue system for
  removing the cheek pads before removing the helmet (in the event of an
  accident). The infinitely adjustable sun visor as well as the
  specially developed visor mechanism with quick release and the
  removable helmet shield with self-locking mechanism offer the greatest
  possible ease of use.

The Pinlock 120 XLT® inner lens ensures perfect
  anti-fog protection. The outer visor has a scratch-resistant coating.
  The chin section with dust filter has a removable flap for maximum air
  flow for off-road use. Both helmet models can be upgraded with the
  newly developed BMW Motorrad ConnectedRide communication system.

(protection class AA) with a functional, quick-drying and breathable
  material blend is perfect for off-road and on-road use. The clever
  ventilation options on the chest, back, shoulders and arms as well as
  the AirVent insert in the front area as an additional ventilation
  option guarantee a high level of comfort in warm to moderate
    temperatures.

Thanks to the waterproof 3-layer laminate GORE-TEX
  outserts with a 28,000 mm water column (included with the blue color -
  optionally available with the black color of the jacket), the jacket
  offers outstanding performance even in bad weather. The integrated
  storm hood in the collar of the outserts keeps wind, weather and dirt
  out of the collar, while the soft fabric part acts as a storm hood
  under the helmet for additional warmth. The waterproof GORE-TEX outer
  material defies bad weather. A specially developed carrying system
  allows the jacket to be worn like a rucksack, leaving your hands free,
  which is convenient and comfortable for city tours or breaks. The
  jacket is available for men and women in blue/red and black. It is
  complemented by the optimally ventilated

– sold with or without an outsert
  (according to the color logic of the jacket).

, made from a
  lightweight, breathable material mix in blue/red, are the ideal
  companion for all bikers who ride off-road in warm temperatures. The
  backhand is made of elastic textile in combination with goatskin for
  ideal comfort. The large knuckle protection is ideally prepared for
  the stresses and strains of off-road use while the kangaroo leather
  palm with reinforcements offers maximum grip. The summer glove with
  long cuff is also available in black and sand.

,
  available in black, are also designed for off-road use. The goatskin
  leather palm provides best possible grip. A large knuckle shell made
  of hard plastic, lined with shock-absorbing foam, protects against
  impacts. The all-season gloves with a long cuff for road and off-road
  use are windproof, waterproof and breathable thanks to the GORE-TEX
  membrane and offer an optimum fit. The gloves are also available in
    anthracite/white.

(protection class AA) in blue/red has been
  uncompromisingly developed for sporty and active riding, even off the
  beaten track. The extremely lightweight, robust and highly elastic
  polyamide softshell technology with innovative ventilation options
  ensures a comfortable fit in high temperatures. Together with the
  supplied very robust 3-layer GORE-TEX laminate outer jacket (water
  column 28,000 mm) the GS Trophy GORE-TEX jacket is a comfortable
  companion even at low temperatures. As part of the Adventure
  collection, it features the iconic light design of the

BMW R 1300
  GS as a graphic element. The outer jacket can also be worn seperately
  as an outdoor jacket. As an additional highlight the jacket features
  an integrated pocket for the Hydra TrinkPak for physically demanding
  rides. The GS Trophy GORE-TEX trousers in blue provide the perfect
  complement and have also been uncompromisingly developed for sporty
  and active riding. The extremely lightweight, robust and elastic
  softshell technology with innovative ventilation and the GORE-TEX
  outer shell ensure a pleasant climate.

Sporty, ambitious motorcyclists as well as racetrack
  cracks will find everything their biker heart desires in the Sport
  collection. For example, the

, a light
  and airy sneaker in BMW M Motorsport design made from a breathable 3D
  knitted fabric. It offers the best wearing comfort with very good
  impact absorption values. The comfortable, lightweight and oil- and
  fuel-resistant sole in a two-tone design with BMW Motorrad logo and
  "M" inlay makes it ideal for motorsport enthusiasts. The
  TPU-reinforced parts in particularly stressed areas, such as the toe
  and ankle, offer additional comfort and protection.

With the Urban Mobility collection, BMW Motorrad
  offers practical and stylish products that are ideal for everyday
  motorcycling, but are also absolutely suitable for everyday use off
  the bike. Be it a stroll through town, shopping or just sitting in a
    café.

Take the

in olive, for
  example. Thanks to the three-layer, windproof, waterproof and
  breathable GORE-TEX Pro 3-layer material (water column 28,000 mm), the
  AirVent ventilation system and the removable inner jacket, this
  comfortable parka in a streetwear look with a casual fit and dropped
  sleeves can be used all year round. The full-length front zipper
  offers a clever dual function: two waterproof outer pockets with the
  zipper open from the top and more legroom with the zipper open from
  the bottom. The Tokyo GORE-TEX jacket also features a detachable,
  adjustable hood and two inside pockets.

The lightweight and airy

made from a breathable 3D knitted fabric in black,
  blue and brown are a perfect match. It combines a sporty look with
  optimum comfort in dry weather. Thanks to the robust, lightweight and
  oil- and fuel-resistant sole with BMW Motorrad inlay, TPU-reinforced
  surfaces in the gearshift and toe area and excellent cushioning
  properties, the modern, sporty sneaker is ideally suited to the
  demands of everyday motorcycling. Thanks to a side zipper they are
  also easy to put on.

With the

(protection class AA),

BMW Motorrad has reissued
  a classic in a limited edition. Each jacket is unique thanks to the
  embroidered serial number. The black jacket with the metal BMW emblem
  on the sleeve impresses with the highest material and manufacturing
  quality. Its premium, water-repellent and slightly elastic nubuck
  leather is hand-selected.  Ventilation options and two outside and
  three inside pockets maximize comfort and usability.

(homologated
  in accordance with ECE 22.06) in the new color matt black combines the
  charm of earlier motorcycle days with modern functionality. It not
  only goes along perfectly with the Schwabing LTD Edition jacket, but
  also with the BMW Motorrad Heritage models in general.

What sets it apart from other helmets in retro
  design is above all its pleasant aeroacoustics. High-quality materials
  and details made of brass and copper complete the classic look. Thanks
  to four different helmet shell sizes, the Premium Heritage helmet is
  only as big as absolutely necessary in each size.

For further information on the BMW Motorrad Clothing
  Collection 2026 please go to: